STATUSES.md, before:

# Statuses

- [Statuses](#statuses)
  - [Modern Statuses](#modern-statuses)
  - [Historic Statuses](#historic-statuses)
    - [Sunsetted/Decommissioned](#sunsetteddecommissioned)

## Modern Statuses

| Status      | Status Badge                                                                                                  | Project Badge                                                                                    | Description                                                                                                   |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Development | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/Development-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff9500&label=Status) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/Development-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff9500) | The project is actively being developed and maintained.                                                       |
| Maintenance | ![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=19e650&label=Status) | ![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=19e650) | The project is feature complete and remains maintained.                                                       |
| Deprecated  | ![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000&label=Status)   | ![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000)   | The project has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained. Repository will be archived if not already. |
| Terminated  | ![Terminated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terminated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000&label=Status)   | ![Terminated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terminated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000)   | The project has been halted and terminated mid development. Repository will be archived if not already.       |

## Historic Statuses

### Sunsetted/Decommissioned

> [!WARNING]
> This project has been sunsetted and is no longer maintained.

Commit message:

Add Experimental project status (#71)
# Pull Request

## Description

This pull request updates the `STATUSES.md` file to include a new
"Experimental" status in the Modern Statuses table.

* Added a new "Experimental" status to the Modern Statuses table,
including its corresponding status and project badges, and a description
indicating that the project is experimental and not intended for use.
(`STATUSES.md`)

STATUSES.md, after:

# Statuses

- [Statuses](#statuses)
  - [Modern Statuses](#modern-statuses)
  - [Historic Statuses](#historic-statuses)
    - [Sunsetted/Decommissioned](#sunsetteddecommissioned)

## Modern Statuses

| Status       | Status Badge                                                                                                    | Project Badge                                                                                     | Description                                                                                                   |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Experimental | ![Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/Experimental-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff9500&label=Status) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/Experimental-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff9500) | The project is experimental, do not use.                                                                      |
| Development  | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/Development-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff9500&label=Status)   | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/Development-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff9500)  | The project is actively being developed and maintained.                                                       |
| Maintenance  | ![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=19e650&label=Status)   | ![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintenance-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=19e650)  | The project is feature complete and remains maintained.                                                       |
| Deprecated   | ![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000&label=Status)     | ![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deprecated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000)    | The project has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained. Repository will be archived if not already. |
| Terminated   | ![Terminated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terminated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000&label=Status)     | ![Terminated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terminated-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&color=ff0000)    | The project has been halted and terminated mid development. Repository will be archived if not already.       |

## Historic Statuses

### Sunsetted/Decommissioned

> [!WARNING]
> This project has been sunsetted and is no longer maintained.
